Remove createitems (#3302)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/hot-olives-reply.md

---
'@keystonejs/keystone': major
---

> Removed the `keystone.createItems` method. This has been replaced with the `createItems` function in `@keystonejs/server-side-graphql-client`. 

Reviewer: We should also mention that we removed `keystone.createItem`.

> Removed the `keystone.createItems` and `keystone.createItem` method. This has been replaced with the corresponding `createItems` and `createItem` function in `@keystonejs/server-side-graphql-client`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed the `keystone.createItems` and `keystone.createItem` methods. These have been replaced with the corresponding functions `createItems` and `createItem` in `@keystonejs/server-side-graphql-client`.
```
